== <b>Year Up Puget Sound - Student Tracker</b>

This system will be a customizable ticket web application that will track and organize issues that occur during the student internship phase. It will also include the Laptop Checkout application.

== <b>Features</b>

<b>Ticket Service:</b>

- Ability to create, update and delete a ticket.

- Ability to assign the ticket to a user.

- Notifies users via Email when specific events occur. (Ex. Being assigned a ticket)

- Should track a ticket’s history. 

<b>User Accounts:</b>

Admins:
- Ability to create and delete user accounts.
- Admin account cannot be deleted.
- Ability to change other user's variables.

Non-Admins:
- You cannot delete your own account.
- Ability to change their passwords.
- Should not be able to access or change any information on other accounts.

Visual:
- Non-Admin users should not be able to access anything within the Manage section.
- The Manage section of the navigation bar should not be visible to non-admin users.
- Error messages should appear if validations fail.


Security: 
For debug purposes, user account variables are able to be seen within the Home page.
- Passwords should be encrypted and completely unique, even if the same password is used.
- User first and last names are limited to 20 characters and must be present.
- User emails should be present and valid, as well as unique.
- Passwords should have a minimum length of 6 characters.
- If a user account is created without a password, the default password should be 'yearup'.

<b>Laptop Checkout Service:</b>

- Ability to add and delete a laptop.

- Ability to checkout a laptop to a user.

- Should track a laptop and user’s checkout history.